resolves !63 (#64)
connelldave/botocove: README.md

    ]
```

`partition`: str

> If not provided, Cove will use the AWS parition of your profile in constructing
> the ARN for the role to assume in all target accounts.
> 
> A partition is a group of Amazon Regions. Each AWS Organization and account are
> scoped to one partition.
> 
> The following are the supported partitions:
>  - `aws` - Amazon Regions
>  - `aws-cn` - China Regions
>  - `aws-us-gov` - Amazon GovCloud (US) Regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not provided, Cove will use the [AWS partition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html)
of your profile in constructing the ARN for the role to assume in all target
accounts.
```
